
Συνάντηση 31 Ιουλίου 2018
Συμμετέχοντες: Γαλάτεια, Λευτέρης, Αλέξανδρος

Καθορίστηκε η σημασιολογία των βασικών οντοτήτων που θα απαρτίζουν τις ροές εργασίες.
Τα βασικά αντικείμενα είναι:

* Tool
* Steps
* Workflows 

A Tool Has A Dependency tree that contains other tools (and their dependencies). 
A Tool has a Version tree. Each user can "fork" an existing tool and create an altered version
A Tool has exposed_variables. An exposed_variable for example is the path of the executable of the tool
   The exposed_variable should be accessible to all other members of the workflow

Steps are simple bash commands that take part in a workflow
A Step is connected to zero, one or more tools
A Step can call other steps.
    Example: "call step_1"
A Step can call other workflows
A Step has inputs:
    a = input b
    This means that the varable b that is exposed by any other tool/step/wf should be fed to the BASH variable a
    If the variable b is not exposed that the user should provide a value
A Step has outputs:
    output b c
    This means that the local variable b should be exposed as c to other components of the workflow


Workflows are collections (connected in a graph) of Tools, Steps and other Workflows
A Workflow can have inputs and output (similar to Steps)
A Workflow can call other workflows
A Workflow can call other steps 

TODO:

Step 1.
Galateia should create a JavaScript function (i.e. build_graph(graph))
The function should use D3 + Cola.
the function should take a tree that is formatted in JSON (format doesn't matter) and create a visual representation of the tree.

Step 2.
When a node in the tree is double clicked, the children of this node should disapper.
When this node is double clicked again,the children of this node should re-appear.

Step 3.
When multiple trees are represented. If a node is taking part in more than one tree, then in the visual representation this node should exist only once. 


Alex should create a running working example for "arkalos" (for experimentation)



